Do you want to go?
Now that you're engaged to someone
What value do I have?
golden white
I'm not discussing with you.
Without my permission
How dare you leave me?
I will definitely make your life worse than death
Don't you want to know your father?
You know who my father is
You have been by my side for 10 years
I naturally have time to investigate slowly
Everything about you
I know better than you
What do you want me to do?
To tell my gentleman
Pretending to be Ning Tianyu's daughter
Then complete this last task
I will naturally release your soul
What do you mean?
I'm not his daughter
Anyone could be
But you are definitely not
With his down-payment military status
I'm not
How to work overtime
I have been preparing for this bureau for 10 years
seamless
What do you want to do to him?
At that time
You know
Detective Liu
Is your DNA ending with me and tomorrow?
I'm out. I'm going to marry you. How about that?